add section on calico ebpf dataplane (#444)
rancher/rke2-docs: docs/networking/basic_network_options.md

For more information about values available for the Calico chart, please refer to the [rke2-charts repository](https://github.com/rancher/rke2-charts/blob/main/charts/rke2-calico/rke2-calico/v3.26.300/values.yaml)

<details>
<summary>**eBPF dataplane**</summary>
Calico offers the option to use an eBPF dataplane instead of the default iptables-based one.

> This includes the option to replace kube-proxy by an eBPF implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calico offers an efficient eBPF dataplane that can be enabled in place of the default iptables-based implementation. Cilium's dataplane can also be used to replace the default Kubernetes kube-proxy implementation.
```
